"Title: "Conquest of the Presuming Copies"

Dear Business person , We know you are interested in 
receiving amazing info ! This is a one time mailing 
there is no need to request removal if you won't want 
any more . This mail is being sent in compliance with 
Senate bill 1621 ; Title 3 , Section 309 . Do NOT confuse 
us with Internet scam artists . Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich within 73 months ! Have 
you ever noticed how many people you know are on the 
Internet and people love convenience ! Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU 
increase customer response by 170% and process your 
orders within seconds ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us ! Mrs Anderson 
of Hawaii tried us and says "I was skeptical but it 
worked for me" . We assure you that we operate within 
all applicable laws ! If not for you then for your 
LOVED ONES - act now . Sign up a friend and you get 
half off . God Bless . Dear Web surfer , This letter 
was specially selected to be sent to you . If you are 
not interested in our publications and wish to be removed 
from our lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this 
mail . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1624 , Title 6 ; Section 302 . This is a ligitimate 
business proposal . Why work for somebody else when 
you can become rich inside 91 days ! Have you ever 
noticed people love convenience and how many people 
you know are on the Internet ! Well, now is your chance 
to capitalize on this . We will help you increase customer 
response by 150% plus turn your business into an E-BUSINESS 
. You can begin at absolutely no cost to you ! But 
don't believe us . Ms Simpson who resides in Louisiana 
tried us and says "I've been poor and I've been rich 
- rich is better" ! We are licensed to operate in all 
states . Do not delay - order today ! Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 50% . Thank-you for your 
serious consideration of our offer . 

flag format: passwd{xxx_xxxxxx}
